Class rework (#54)
datasnakes/renv: README.md

# renv (beta)

Creating virtual environments for R. (currently a Linux-only implementation)

## Description

One of the problems with using R for data analysis can be dependency issues especially for
scientists who use multiple versions of R or R packages and have a large number of
projects that they are developing with R. Dependency issues are especially prevalent among those individuals or groups

> that are developing R packages.  `renv` is a [Python style](https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/3.6/Lib/venv/__init__.py)

Reviewer: A little redundancy?

                                  the original R's package library as a
                                  secondary source for loading packages.
  -rp, --recommended_packages BOOLEAN

>                                   This determines wheather or not the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                  This determines whether or not the
```

                                  recommended packages are installed in theR
                                  environment along with the base packages.

>                                   In most cases it's best to keep thedefault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                  In most cases it's best to keep the default
```
